{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 About the Center... 
\b (home page body copy)
\b0 \
\
Welcome to Studio Bamboo Institute of Yoga and Teacher Training School located in the Marina Shores\
Shoppes in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Studio Bamboo is committed to providing our community the most\
enriching and informative yoga program available. Our instructional staff is dedicated to providing an\
unparalleled experience in yoga. .\
\
Studio Bamboo is a spacious and tranquil Yoga Center, offering three rooms for practice, a beautiful retail\
and sitting space, and restrooms including showers. Our interior was designed specifically to step away from\
the hustle and bustle of our busy world. When you step into the Center you will immediately feel taken away\
with the serene colors, high ceilings, accents, and beautiful bamboo and flowing river rock floors. The design\
of all areas support the desire for energy flow and a balance of yin and yang energies, giving you a calm and\
nurturing space to practice.\
\
\
About our classes 
\b (classes home page)
\b0 \
\
Classes at Studio Bamboo range from gentle to challenging, from relaxing restorative classes to the most\
intense practice imaginable. We also offers specialized classes in kids, teens, pre-natal, post-natal, yoga for\
therapy (rehabilitative) & adaptive yoga, yoga for athletes, seniors, hot classes, even laughter yoga, you will\
find them all and even more at Studio Bamboo. If you are new to yoga or a seasoned practitioner you will find a\
class to meet your needs at our Center.\
\
In addition to our regularly scheduled classes Studio Bamboo will also facilitate workshops and seminars\
throughout the year by our own instructional staff as well as internationally known yogis, check our events page\
for more information.\
\
\
\
\
\

\b Business / Corporate Classes\

\b0 \
Let Studio Bamboo help to make your business more effective by assisting your employees/teams with on-site\
and studio based classes. A workplace yoga program is a fabulous opportunity to bring the ancient practices\
of yoga into the office. Studio Bamboo can help your business by using yoga to work with issues related to\
physical and mental health, stress management, focus, productivity, and efficient decision making just to name\
a few. We can offer yoga classes in the workplace (if space available), yoga in chairs, one time seminars,\
special day long seminars for total well being, weekend retreats, and many more possibilities. Please e-mail or\
call to inquire.\
\
\
\
\

\b Private Classes
\b0 \
\
The study of yoga began as a dialog between teacher and student. Studio Bamboo honors that tradition by\
offering Private Yoga Instruction for individual students or small groups. This is a great way to meet your\
individual needs for that body-mind connection, relaxation and stress management. We recommend private\
instruction for those who are new to yoga, those with injuries or specific limitations, or for those who wish to\
have a specialized consultation regarding your yoga practice. These sessions may take place in the Center or\
off-site. Privates can be scheduled as one-on-one, duets, or semi-privates. Studio Bamboo wants you to have\
the best experience possible so choosing the right teacher is important, let us help. With time and location, rates\
vary, please call or e-mail to inquire.\
\
Pricing for privates~please just on private page\
\
One-on-one sessions begin at $65 per hour\
\
Duets begin at $40 per person per hour\
\
For additional people or small groups please call to inquire\
\
If a Hot class is requested there is an additional fee of $20}